# online-secure-voting-system-using-ml
Objective Voting is a fundamental process that keeps our system of government working. Through elections, citizens have the ability to decide on who represents them in government, be it a local official, a state or national representative, or the president. A large group of people don't give importance to voting or lack awareness about this fundamental right. As a result, the major impact of this can be seen in our government election voting percentage which is about 55% to 60%. Another major aspect of voting is good security. The election processes of voter registration, vote casting, vote counting, and ballot generation are becoming increasingly automated.Numerous cases of allegedly accidental errors have been reported, along with suspicions of fraud . However, the borderline between accident and fraud is murky. Serious security vulnerabilities are commonplace in most voting systems, providing widespread opportunities for computer-system misuse particularly by insiders. Indeed, incentives for bribery, collusion, and fraud are likely to be enhanced by the financial stakes involved in winning or losing an election.  So,We want to build a web application as well as an android application where an individual can caste his/her vote for the government election using online mode. The main goal of our project is to ensure a secure voting which will increase the voting percentage and will also help in the development of the country.  Expected List Of Feature The features we want to include in our website are-- Aadhar card verification where the user can easily be recognised and can access the voting panel. Anonymous voting where admin has the authorised access to the portal. Security ,where every time when a user wants to log in then he/she can get a unique OTP to access the portal. Quick and user friendly interface for easy access to the portal.Verification will be done using face detection (Machine Learning Concept) , Data Visualization of Registered Candidates and Voters (data of 2-3 years) in the form of dynamic charts and graphs for better understanding and the last but the most important is ultimate security.  Aim of this project Our motive is to complete this Project as soon as possible so that the society can benifit from it so as to remove the corruption as much as posssible and to encourage the citizens to take part in election, so we can get the best Leader for our society. After the campaign gets over My team will put all of our effort to make it more secure and user friendly so that even the poor people can easily able to use this website and android app .we will also implement more Machine learning concept for better performance and modern concepts.
